our story is that we take your educational institution to the next level in terms of quality education, revenue growth, and seamless administration process. 

NextElement Pvt Ltd is an EduTech company established in Feb 2018 by dedicated professionals having a combined experience of 15 years in the software and education industry. With a strong will to elevate the quality of education through technology, we’re constantly transforming and simplifying our system for better functionality.

Having the right mix of technical, creative, marketing, and support teams, we understand our customers’ requirements and deliver the best possible technology solution. Our Mission is to support education institutions to minimize the use of paper and cash in administration and foster effective communication between management, students, parents, and teachers thus reducing their administrative costs and elevating the quality of education. 

Our Vision is to enable and empower educational institutions with technology to elevate the quality of education, continuously improve their administration and attain sustained financial growth.

Our Mission is to Develop education technology platforms to match the ever-growing operational & academic needs of educational institutions.

Our Moto is “We believe in operating with integrity, accountability and quality to give extraordinary customer satisfaction”.

Our team comprises education visionaries, domain experts, sales & marketing, technocrats, and quality geeks having more than 15 years of experience in respective areas. We continuously strive to update ourselves and give the best-designed product to our clients.

Nextelement ERP software is powered by Next Element, is an integrated education ERP solution time-tested in 75+ institutions. It has been developed to bring effectiveness to the operation management system of schools, colleges, and coaching centers. The aim is to enhance the quality of education and the institution’s growth.

Nextelement ERP features cater to the ever-changing requirements of institutes by automating and simplifying several administrative operations, including online admission, examinations, attendance, fee management, library management, transportation, and more.


